# INST377 Final Project - PG County CRIME Map

[LINK TO PAGES](https://spiasecki213.github.io/Final-Project-INST377/)

## Target Browsers
This website is designed to be used primarily on a desktop computer with the most recent update of Google Chrome (113.0.5672.92, released on May 9, 2023), but is set up to be used on any device, such as iOS or Android with their corresponding browsers (i.e. Safari, Chrome, etc.).

## Project Description

### API
I used the [Prince George's County Crime Incidents February 2017 to Present](https://data.princegeorgescountymd.gov/Public-Safety/Crime-Incidents-February-2017-to-Present/wb4e-w4nf/data) database for my project. Clicking the name of the database in the previous sentence will bring you to the database.

### Visualizations
My project uses/drives a **map** with markers to visualize the data. When the data is filtered, the map will show all of the crime incidents that were generated by the filter.

### Javascript Libraries
For my data visualization, my project uses a map using the Leaflet.js library. I used the Leaflet.js JavasSript framework along with my own CSS. According to the [Leaflet website](https://leafletjs.com/download.html), the JavaScript version I am using is the latest version, *Leaflet 1.9.3*, the stable version released on November 18, 2022.

### CSS Frameworks
I used the Leaflet.js CSS framework along with my own CSS. According to the [Leaflet website](https://leafletjs.com/download.html), the CSS version I am using is the latest version, *Leaflet 1.9.3*, the stable version released on November 18, 2022.

## Project Purpose
With my project I am trying to solve the issue of PG County residents not having a resource to view the crime incidents around them. The PG County Crime API is a good source, but because it's just raw data, residents are not able to clearly see the rates of crime around their areas. With the map in my project and the corresponding filters, my project transforms the data and gives meaning to it.
